Improve Sentry doc (#18522)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-sentry.md

### Step 2: Code

> #### Config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuration
```

> Add the following to your app's main file (usually `App.js`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the following to your app's main file such as **App.js**:
```

Unrelated to your PR, here is a small change to [bold the filenames as per Expo's writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md).

  enableInExpoDevelopment: true,
  debug: true, // If `true`, Sentry will try to print out useful debugging information if something goes wrong with sending the event. Set it to `false` in production
});
```

#### Usage

> Depending on which platform you are (mobile or web), use the following functions in order to capture/catch exceptions:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Depending on which platform you are on (mobile or web), use the following functions in order to capture/catch exceptions:
```

Reviewer 3: Aside from that, you are not listing functions, so 'the following functions' doesn't really apply. Also, those functions are not _just_ for capturing/catching exceptions, there's methods in there for instrumentation, performance, etc. so a more generic description would be better here.

> Depending on which platform you are on (mobile or web), use the following functions in order to capture/catch exceptions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on which platform you are on (mobile or web), use the following functions to access any `@sentry/*` exports for instrumentation, performance, and so on:

- For React Native, access any `@sentry/react-native` exports with `Sentry.Native.*`
- For web, access any `@sentry/browser` exports with `Sentry.Browser.*`
```

As per Kim's suggestion, let's be more verbose about accusing any exports from `@sentry` packages.

```js
// Access any @sentry/react-native exports via:

> Sentry.Native.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Sentry.Native.*
```

// Access any @sentry/browser exports via:

> Sentry.Browser.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Sentry.Browser.*
```

// Example:
try {
  // your code
} catch (error) {
  Sentry.Native.captureException(error);
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: The example then, could be written as:

The following example uses `captureException()` from `Sentry.Native.*` to capture errors:

```js
try {
  // your code
} catch (error) {
  Sentry.Native.captureException(error);
}
```

> ### Step 3: App Config

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 3: App Configuration
```

Let's also change `Config` here from `Configuration` for consistent writing.
